refactor: implement new tabs IA (#1145)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/troubleshoot/customer-support.mdx

---
title: Customer Support
description: Describes the different types of support options provided by Auth0.
---

| Read... | To learn... |
| --- | --- |
| [Support Plans](/docs/troubleshoot/customer-support/support-plans) | About different levels of Auth0 support. |
| [Product Support Matrix](/docs/troubleshoot/customer-support/product-support-matrix) | About support coverage for browsers, operating systems, and Auth0 libraries and SDKs. |
| [Service Level Agreements](/docs/troubleshoot/customer-support/services-level-descriptions) | About Auth0 service levels and service level agreements (SLAs) for public and private cloud deployments. |
| [Open and Manage Support Tickets](/docs/troubleshoot/customer-support/open-and-manage-support-tickets) | How to open and manage Auth0 support tickets. |
| [Responsible Disclosure Program](/docs/troubleshoot/customer-support/responsible-disclosure-program-security-support-tickets) | How to report a security issue. |

## Other support resources

* The [Auth0 status page](https://status.auth0.com) contains information on current production status. Please check the status page before filing a ticket.

>     If the status page contains a notification about an outage, our team is already working on restoring service and will keep the status page updatd. We publish a root-cause analysis to the status page once we have invesigated the issue. You can subscribe to notifications of any changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the status page contains a notification about an outage, our team is already working on restoring service and will keep the status page updated. We publish a root-cause analysis to the status page once we have investigated the issue. You can subscribe to notifications of any changes.
```
